The gpiointerrupt file was part of project wherein we were required to design and implement a task scheduler to set the temperature of an "AC" microcontroller with a built in thermostat. By pushing one of two buttons you could increase the set point temperature, at which point the current temp and set temp would be broadcast to the terminal via the UART. The other button would decrease the set point. As the temperature falls below the set point a red LED will light up, signifying the "heating" is activated. When the temp rises above the set point, the LED turns off. For this project, I feel I did exceptionally well in designing and implementing both the state machines that were required to facilitate the button intterupts and the temperature changes. I could improve on my overall organization and syntactical effort I put into the program. It could be much easier to follow logically as well, if I had layed out the components of the program in a more modular way. 

The uartecho file was part of a project that required us to turn on and off LED lights, by receiving input through the UART terminal interface. If a user types OFF into the terminal, the LED lights turn off. And if a user types ON into the terminal, the LED lights naturally turn on. This program represents a good model of a functional state machine, wherein each step refers to a previous or upcoming step to continue on its operational logic. This program I feel demonstrates this concept very well, and I believe I did quite well in designing the functionalities for the program and the state machine diagram. This project was written very modularly and as such was very adaptable to be used as a model for other projects that came along in this course, for instance the gpiointerrupt project. The skills I learned throughout this course will enable me to be a more successful programmer in the future when working with embedded systems and made me more familiar with the overall architecture of such systems.
